l just wanted to check
and see if there was
anything you needed
before l went on
my maternity leave.
(CHUCKLlNG) Yeah.
l'm pregnant.
Great. Well,
l'll write up the order.
Wait a minute.
Okay, thanks.
You can't do that.
You cannot exploit
your baby for sales.
Hey, did l tell you
we're gonna have a baby?
(CHUCKLES)
Thank you very much.
l'm excited. . . Oh.
Definitely.
No. No!
You need to come by
your sales honorably.
There is nothing
dishonorable about
talking about your life.
People like it.
Hey, there.
Dwight Schrute here.
Listen, uh,
would you be interested
in restocking on paper?
Yeah, l could sure
use the money.
My cousin came down with
a case of that nasty
new goat fungus.
Oh, it's just horrific.
The doctor says
he's never seen it
beard so quickly.
Okay.
l need a baby.
l'll never outsell
Jim and Pam without one.
Also, l've been noticing
a gaping hole in my life.
Sometimes l wake up
cradling a gourd.
Kevin, you're
such a gourmand.
l cooked my way through
Julia Child's cookbook,
and now l'm halfway through
The TwiIight Cookbook.
Last night,
l had Edward's
cornflake chicken.
Hmm.
KEVIN: Pregnant Pam and I,
we get hungry
at the same times,
so we've been
eating together a lot.
Not all meals.
Just second breakfast,
lunch, second lunch
and first dinner.
l thought that maybe
we should do something
special for early dinner.
One last ultra feast.
Mmm. That sounds great.
What are you thinking?
l think it should be
a surprise.
(GROANS)
Getting there, huh?
No, no. l still have time.
l'm having contractions,
but they're irregular
and far apart.
So l'm not really in labor,
l'm near labor.
Yeah. We're slow-playing it
because of our stupid HMO.
PAM: If we check in
after midnight,
I get an
extra day to recuperate
surrounded by doctors.
JlM: Not to mention
the extra night's sleep
in the hospital
will be very nice,
because once we
bring the baby home,
if it's crying all night,
one of us is gonna have to
take care of it,
and l do not
plan on helping
unless it's a boy.
l cannot wait for
that joke to be over.
Oh.
(EXCLAlMlNG)
MlCHAEL: Contraptions!
She's contrapting !
Okay, you know what?
l think that l should drive
you guys to the hospital,
and here is why.
l am a licensed
Class C driver in the
state of Pennsylvania.
Michael.
l gassed up the car.
Actually, l put diesel
in this time. Tried to
save some money.
Michael, you shouldn't
have done that.
Happy to do it.
Also, l did a heck
of a job baby-proofing
this office.
You know the baby's not
gonna live here, right?
Well, the baby
was conceived here,
so might as well live
here a little bit, too.
Mmm. That logic's airtight,
but unfortunately it
wasn't conceived here.
Burning Man, Porta Potty.
(EXCLAlMS lN DlSGUST)
Yuck! TMl. How was it?
l don't want to know.
Tell me later. Let's go!
Let's go! Hospital !
Okay, okay, we're not
going to the hospital.
We are waiting
until midnight.
Ooh ! Spooky. But why?
Because the insurance company
only covers two nights.
Everything's fine.
We have plenty of time.
Well, you don't want
to wait too long, Pam.
Otherwise the baby's
gonna become a teenager
in there,
and you'll be up all night
from the rock music.
Shut up, Nick. God !
What a weird thing to say.
Weird lT nerd.
Don't get revenge
on me, nerd.
(CHUCKLES)
What are you looking at?
Nerd.
KELLY: Did you know that
Iabor can Iast weeks?
Then they take your
insides out and they
just plop them on a table,
and sometimes
epidurals don't work,
and you can poop yourself.
Bear my child.
Excuse me?
l want to have
a child for
business reasons
and l want you
to be the mother.
lf you agree,
say nothing.
lf you disagree,
say anything.
Very well.
Let's meet at 4:00 p.m.
in our old meeting spot
and bang it out.
(EXHALES)
That's seven minutes.
Here we go.
Hold on. Hold on.
This is happening.
lt isn't midnight yet.
Are you serious? Pam.
No, the doctor said
every five to seven minutes.
l'm gonna be okay.
We should really try
to make it to midnight.
Pam, please.
Yeah, no,
you really should,
'cause if your
baby's born tomorrow,
he's gonna have
the same birthday
as Buttmud Brooks,
my old roommate.
Did you hear that?
Buttmud Brooks.
Okay, but we are leaving
at five minutes apart.
Five minutes apart.
So the plan was seven minutes,
but we're calling an audible,
because that's her call,
'cause she's the quarterback.
l'm just the left tackle
who happened to
get her pregnant.
(EXHALES DEEPLY)
Okay, okay, okay, okay.
Okay. Stop watching me.
Okay, Crazy.
l think l have
some better things
to do with my day
than worry about you.
Like sell printers.
Mmm-hmm.
Well, now until Friday,
20% off all toner cartridges,
that's a big deal.
While we're on the subject,
why don't l just run you
down to the hospital
and just do
a quick check?
(CLlCKS TONGUE)
Not till midnight.
Guys, a word of advice,
speaking as a former baby.
Don't get too hung
up on baby names.
l was named Walter Junior
after my father,
until l was about six
or so, when my parents
changed their minds.
l thought you said
your younger brother
was named Walter Junior.
My brother was born
and my parents felt
he better exemplified
the Walter Junior name,
so they gave it to him.
l was given Andrew,
which they got out
of a baby-name book.
You know what?
lt's getting really
crowded in here.
Maybe you guys should
all go back to work 'cause
the day's not out yet.
No, no, no.
You know what?
You can't tell us
what to do
because you are not
co-manager anymore.
ANDY: Yes!
l feel like this noise
is gonna prevent Pam
from being able to listen
to her body's signals.
Actually,
the distractions are good.
l don't think l'm gonna
make it till midnight
if l'm just sitting here
thinking about it.
Distractions are good !
That means conference room,
five minutes.
No, no, five seconds!
Right now, right now,
conference room.
Topic, potpourri.
Let's go!
MlCHAEL: Um, I'm sort of
a master of distraction.
When l was a kid,
my mom received compliments
left and right
from my teachers
on how l was always able
to distract others in class.
Try to think,
"What were the first
1 3 colonies?"
Mmm-hmm. Mmm-hmm.
(lMlTATES FARTlNG)
The purpose
for this meeting
is to take Pam's mind
off of what's going on
inside of her body.
Can we do
sleight-of-hand tricks?
l will allow that.
Yes! Can anyone do those?
l'm gonna go look
at the lnternet.
(PAM GROANS)
(JlM EXCLAlMS)
All right.
That's a good one.
PAM: (GROANS) Okay.
Sorry, guys.
Just keep talking.
Okay.
Oh, God, Pam.
You are a woman warrior.
Oh. Thanks, Kelly.
Does anybody have anything?
Anything interesting,
any hobbies?
Uh, special skills?
Yes, this is the only time
l'm ever going to
make this request.
Yeah, Phyl.
Yeah. l can put on lipstick
the way Molly Ringwald does
in The Breakfast CIub.
No, no. l don't think
anybody wants to see that.
l can do the Evolution
of Dance dance.
That sounds good.
Do you need some music or. . .
No, actually,
music would just
throw me off.
Okay.
l need complete
silence, okay?
You're clapping.
l need complete silence.
Totally threw me off,
so l'm gonna have to
start over.
The Evolution
of Dance dance.
"You let me in your bed
But now l sleep alone
"Trapped with the forgotten
ln my detritus home"
Affirmed, Seattle Slew,
Secretariat, Citation,
Assault, Count Fleet,
Whirlaway, War Admiral,
Omaha, Gallant Fox.
And. . . l know this.
Uh, the jockey was
Johnny Loftus,
sired by Star Shoot.
(TYPEWRlTER CLACKlNG)
Good afternoon.
Have a seat.
What is this?
Before we conceive a child,
it is important
that we bang out
a parenting contract.
Of course.
lt's been a long time
since we've come down
here separately.
You know, l was thinking. . .
Now then,
let's get to it, shall we?
ltem one. Child will be
breastfed by the mother
for exactly six months,
then weaned onto
a nutrient-rich,
winter vegetable mash
provided by the father,
Dwight Schrute,
hereafter referred
to as Morpheus.
Agreed?
Agreed.
(GROANlNG)
Where are we?
We have every six minutes,
ladies and gentlemen.
Another 75 contractions
and you are going
to be there.
For the love of God, Pam,
do it for ultra feast.
Okay, you know what?
l'm gonna go give
Dr. Rezvani a quick call.
He'll probably know. . .
Jim, please,
happy thoughts here.
Happy times.
Yeah, happy times.
Come on.
Let's have happy times.
All right.
Jim, as a matter of fact,
l've printed out
1 0 ways to induce labor,
and l'm thinking we just do
the opposite of those things
and we can slow down
your labor.
Erin, read the first one.
"Stimulate the nipples."
Okay, nobody touch
Pam's nipples.
Think of Pam's nipples
as Toby's grundle.
Her shirt is touching them.
Maybe we should cut holes
in her shirt.
l have a shirt
like that in my car.
Okay, yeah,
why don't you go get it?
Okay, uh, the second one
is "walk around."
We're already doing
the opposite of that.
Perfect. Okay, number three,
eat spicy foods.
Okay, the opposite of that.
Stick spicy food
up her butt.
Nope. Nope.
Come on.
Let's go to the hospital.
PAM: Jim. Jim.
Pam, let's go to
the hospital now.
Sweetie, l love you,
but you're really distracting
me from my distractions.
Mmm-hmm.
Okay, great.
Well, sorry.
Why don't you go
do some work?
Great. l will do that.
Sorry, Pam, l just feel
a little bit frazzled,
and you know
how very rarely
l use that word.
l know.
JlM: "Frazzled."
You don't like
to be frazzled.
No, l don't.
PAM: Okay.
Oh. And by the way,
hate that you're helping her
with this right now. Totally.
(EXCLAlMS)
Someone's freaking.
Getting a little frazzled.
(ALL LAUGHlNG)
Yeah, he is.
JIM: I know Pam better than
anyone in this office,
and obviously
she's gone crazy,
but everybody wants
to say that I'm crazy.
But l'm not crazy.
She's crazy. l'm not crazy.
She's crazy.
"Five to seven minutes."
"Six minutes."
Different, but not really.
"Five to seven minutes."
(SlGHS)
Acceptable names include,
and are limited to,
Ebenezer.
Jebediah.
Honus.
Jedediah.
Worf.
No Star Trek names.
Okay. Fine.
What if it's a girl?
lrrelevant question.
Section 5A.
"Child shall be male."
Hey. Uh-uh.
l cannot control that.
You can't put
that in here.
Yes, you can.
No.
lt's as simple as
keeping the womb
extremely warm for
two days after sex,
and then extremely
cold for five months.
Absolutely not.
Hey.
Oh.
l'm not gonna
get in the car,
'cause l know if l do,
you'll try to drive me
to the hospital.
Ah !
You know me too well.
(CHUCKLES) Okay, Jim.
Yeah.
Everything is fine.
Totally.
You don't have to worry.
Try not to think about it.
She's not coming out
for a while, okay?
Did you say "she"?
l called the doctor,
like, a week ago.
l couldn't wait.
Oh, God, don't be mad.
Mad?
How could l be mad?
We're having a little girl.
Mmm-hmm.
Wow. We're having
a little girl.
(LAUGHS)
(EXCLAlMS)
Man !
l know.
Whoo! All right.
Well, l definitely
feel better.
Good.
Yeah. All right.
Okay.
Hey, did you change?
Oh, yeah.
My water broke.
Oh.
(PAM CHUCKLES)
Oh ! Whoa!
Pam? Pam !
Okay. All right.
Okay, it's time.
Time to go to the hospital.
Somebody get Jim, please.
ls it midnight yet?
No, it's 4:35.
4:35. All right.
Almost made it.
Too bad you didn't have
sex, like, seven-and-a-half
hours later.
But you had to have
the afternoon delight.
l understand.
Sometimes you
have to go for it.
Let's go to the hospital,
shall we?
No. Not yet, Michael.
MlCHAEL: We can do it.
Oh, wow! lt's almost
time for ultra feast.
Where's Kevin?
What?
You want to eat cat food
with Kevin and not go to
the hospital?
That's Fancy Feast.
Ultra feast is
something they made up
so they can pig out together
in the name of ceremony.
What is October Feast?
There is no rush to
get to the hospital.
l'm fine. l'll get there.
And if l don't get there,
l don't get there.
Our ultra feast
menu's theme,
Hollywood.
We have ratatouille
from Ratatouille,
and tandoori chicken
from Born Into Brothels.
l tried to bake a cake
like that District 9
prawn thing, but l. . .
Are you okay?
Mmm.
Yes. l'm fine.
Are you sure?
Yeah, the doctor said
that it's still considered
a minor contraction
as long as l can
talk through it.
(GROANlNG)
Okay. Okay. Jim?
l think this
feast is over. . .
JlM: All right.
. . .and it's time to
go to the hospital.
Time to go.
No.
That's right.
Let's do this.
Let's give it a shot.
No, it's better.
JlM: Here we go.
That wasn't even the
worst of them. l'm fine.
JlM: Hey, come on.
They're not
that bad still.
Let's go to the hospital.
Pam.
No, it's passing,
it's fine.
Pam, it's time.
Let's go to the hospital.
Let's go, Pam.
lt's okay.
Michael says we
should go now.
Yeah, l think we
should head out.
PAM: lt's fine.
Pam. You know what?
lt passed. lt's good.
Absolutely fine.
Come on. Let's go.
We gotta go.
Babe, l'm not going.
We need to go.
lt's fine. Hey, come on.
We really gotta go.
No. l'm not going !
l am not going, okay?
All right.
l'm not going today
because l can't do it!
l don't think l can do it!
Hey. Hey. Hey.
Are you kidding me?
Are you kidding?
lf anyone can do this,
you can do this.
You can do this.
Pam, l'm scared.
l'm real scared.
l'm scared, too.
l'm petrified.
But the best news is,
we're gonna
have a baby today.
Yeah.
A really
awesome baby.
We're gonna have a baby.
So let's have it
at the hospital.
Let's do that.
How are we doing
on contractions?
Two minutes apart.
Two minutes.
Oh, God.
Oh, no.
l thought l told you. . .
MlCHAEL: lt's okay.
No, l told you to
warn me at five minutes.
PAM: Jim,
we waited too long.
l know.
We waited too long.
Two minutes doesn't
do us any good.
What happened to
four and three?
MlCHAEL: We're okay, Jim.
Okay, Pamela, you know
what time it is?
l don't want to
have my baby here.
You know. . .
You're not going to.
You know where
you're going?
The hospital.
Yes you are,
and you know what
you're gonna have?
A baby.
Yes.
We're going to the hospital
and we're gonna have a baby.
l got it! l got it!
Everybody, it's go time!
Action station !
Stanley, man the phones!
Meredith, please
grab a bottle of water.
Erin, call an ambulance,
please!
DWlGHT: No, no, no.
Ambulances are
emergencies only.
You call the ambulance,
l call the cops.
All right, we're driving
ourselves, actually.
MlCHAEL: No, Jim.
You are in no
condition to drive.
l will drive you.
Check. Got it.
All right,
l have my wallet.
MlCHAEL: Yes.
Go bag's in the car.
Go bag? Where's my go bag?
JlM: Keys. l need my keys!
Where's my go bag?
There's nothing in it.
You are telling me now
that there is nothing
in it! Okay, great.
Should l bring
a dictionary to
the hospital?
The hospital will
provide dictionaries.
Bring the thesaurus.
Did anyone check
how dilated she is?
This is ridiculous.
Dwight, get away.
No, no, no, Dwight,
let Jim do that, please.
Okay?
l didn't know we had
a tape measure.
"We" don't.
Okay, l can't find my keys!
l cannot find my keys!
Found them. They're here.
Here we go. Here we go.
MlCHAEL: Here we go!
PHYLLlS: Good luck!
ANDY: Good luck, Pam.
KEVlN: Bye, Pam.
Thank you ! Wish me luck!
(CLAPPlNG)
CREED: Have fun !
(SlGHlNG)
Hey, it's 5:00.
Here we go.
Here we go. On our way.
STANLEY: Hold it.
MlCHAEL: Come on,
Stanley. Okay.
We're going now.
No. One more.
Can l. . .
No, no, no, no!
Out, out, out! ldiot!
Dwight, what is
the traffic like?
Doesn't matter.
l'll escort you !
MlCHAEL: All right.
(TlRES SCREECHlNG)
(MlCHAEL EXCLAlMS)
Let's go!
MlCHAEL: Easy, Dwight.
Michael !
What?
This is where l saw
that deer last week.
Where?
Right over by that fence.
By the bushes?
Okay, Michael, focus!
Okay, go, go, go!
Guys, come on !
DWlGHT: Let's go!
DWlGHT: I Iove
escorting people.
ln fact, a few years back,
l put an ad in the paper
starting an escort service.
Got a lot of responses.
Mostly creeps.
Made a few friends.
All right, here we go.
You're doing great.
Okay, just breathe.
(PAM GROANlNG)
She'll be here soon.
She? You found out?
Come on, guys.
l wanted to be surprised.
Michael !
Yeah?
Stop texting.
Put your phone away!
Michael, come on !
l'm texting
about you, okay?
PAM: Come on !
(DWlGHT GROANS)
All right.
Let's move!
(CAR HORN HONKlNG)
(POLlCE SlREN SOUNDlNG)
What?
POLlCE OFFlCER:
PuII over.
You're kidding me!
You're not aIIowed
to impersonate
a police officer.
Don't make this
difficult, Dwight.
Wait! Wait,
my iPod's not in here.
Okay.
lt has the
birth song on it.
Okay, l know,
but my iPod
is in the go bag.
We'll be fine.
Jim, l don't want
the first thing
the baby hears to be
the 8 MiIe soundtrack.
Okay, so what
do you want to do?
l don't know.
Let's go by
the house and get it.
lt's only 20 minutes
past the hospital.
Pam, no. Are you nuts?
We're going to
the hospital now.
Guys, guys,
stop fighting. Come on.
Come on.
Do you want your kid
to come out a lawyer?
(CHUCKLES) Right?
Okay, you know what?
l am all over this.
Here we go. Ready?
(CELL PHONE RlNGlNG)
Dwight Schrute.
Hello, Dwight.
Pam left her
iPod at her house.
l want you to swing by,
pick it up and bring
it to the hospital.
We need it yesterday.
Then why didn't you ask me
to do it yesterday?
I kept IM-ing you
how bored I was.
Okay.
Dwight!
Go to my house, get my iPod.
l think it's on
the kitchen table.
Do not touch
anything else.
The key is under. . .
l don't need a key.
Okay, Dwight, but if
you do need a key, just
listen, it's under the. . .
No, don't. Don't.
Don't tell me.
(JABBERlNG)
Dwight, just listen.
lt's underneath. . .
Okay.
You all right?
Yeah.
Do you have everything, guys?
Michael, just
go park the car.
Okay. All right.
Sir!
Dunder Mifflin.
lt's okay.
You can't park here.
(MlCHAEL GRUNTS)
l just did.
Pam's doing great.
Uh, she's 1 0 inches
dilated now.
Sorry, meters. . .
Centimeters.
And she's also fully effaced,
which l don't know
what that is.
But no baby yet.
lt's only been six. . .
Nineteen hours.
And l was sent out
for some ice chips
because l might have
passed out a little bit,
but these are very
refreshing, very. . .
Daddy?
She's ready to push.
Okay!
Where's my little niblet?
Halpert, room D1 . All right.
Family only
beyond this point.
Thank you.
Here we go.
(lNDlSTlNCT CHATTERlNG)
(PAM SCREAMlNG)
JlM: Doing great.
Push again !
DOCTOR: Not yet.
JlM: No, don't push.
Pull ! Pull !
JOSlE: Why don't you get
some more ice chips?
PAM: No, Jim, stay!
JlM: Okay.
Really push this time, Pam.
PAM: Okay.
(PAM SCREAMlNG)
(EXCLAlMS)
Nope. Not yet.
Not yet. Not yet.
Gotta go wash my eyes.
That kid's gonna
have a lot of hair.
Have you guys seen her?
She hasn't popped yet.
What? Damn it!
She was supposed to
come out yesterday.
l decided to
give Baby Halpert
the newspaper from
the day she was born.
This frame set
me back 55 bones.
But she decided to
take her sweet time,
so now l have to switch it
with today's paper.
This is ridiculous.
We just can't wait here.
l think it's gonna
be any minute now.
But you don't know that.
We could be here
another half an hour.
Phyllis, what could
you possibly have to do?
l have an ice cream
cake in the car.
Oh, my God ! Go! Go! Go!
Are you insane? All right.
Guys? Hello?
DOCTOR: You're doing great.
Just relax.
Um. . .
Sorry to be a bother,
but if we could have
an ETA when this is gonna. . .
(PAM SCREAMlNG)
You're kind of
losing them.
PAM: God !
JlM: Oh, my God.
Look at her.
The baby,
she's so beautiful.
Oh, my God.
PAM: Oh, my God.
(BABY CRYlNG)
(MOCKlNGLY)
Yeah, that's right.
lt's a baby, see?
ORDERLY: Sir.
Sir, you can't
smoke that in here.
Okay.
Put it out.
All right.
Can't smoke
anywhere these days.
She's incredible.
You want to count her
fingers and toes again?
No, let's let her rest.
l'm sure there are
still 1 2 of each.
Okay.
MlCHAEL: Guys, guys!
Her name is
Cecelia Marie Halpert.
Eleven pounds,
four. . .
She's seven pounds,
two ounces, 1 8 inches.
Seven pounds.
Mother and daughter
are doing great.
(ALL CHEERlNG)
Congratulations.
That's great.
(EXCLAlMS)
HELENE: There.
Hey, Grandma's back.
Well, it was an adventure
and a half trying to find
the cafeteria,
but l have returned
with the coffee.
Great.
Thank God. l haven't had
caffeine in nine months.
HELENE: May l?
PAM: Yes.
(CECELlA COOlNG)
Somebody has
a full diaper.
Oh. Let me get it.
JIM: I am a diapering master.
I have done IittIe eIse
in the past two months.
There is nothing
I cannot diaper.
Go ahead. Try to
think of something.
l dare you.
(MEOWlNG)
MlCHAEL: (MOCKlNGLY)
Where's the baby?
l want to see the baby.
Oh ! Oh.
Helene, hi.
Oh, my goodness.
What are the
odds of this?
Congratulations
on being a grandma.
Hello, Michael.
Hello.
Oh. How are you?
l worry about you.
You know, l think
it's time for me to go.
Oh. Okay.
Love you.
Love you as a friend.
Love you, Mom.
(GASPS)
MlCHAEL: Oh !
(MOCKlNGLY)
l want to hold the baby.
Okay, you just
have to use the
hand sanitizer first.
Oh, right.
PAM: Again. No pants.
Oh. Okay.
Ready?
Mmm-hmm.
Oh, wow. (CHUCKLES)
Michael. Michael.
That's so weird.
She was saying it
just before you got here.
DWlGHT: Yesterday I was
dispatched to Jim and Pam's
house to find Pam's iPod.
I searched everywhere,
but I didn't find it.
What l did find was mold,
and Iots of it.
So, l did what
anyone would do.
l read a book, had a bath,
I got a good night's sleep,
and I made plans
to eradicate it.
I also made plans to
ask Jim where he bought
his marveIous sheets.
Time to get to work.
There she sat.
Her name was Pam.
She was a receptionist.
She was engaged to
an animal.
There sat Jim.
He was a gawky,
tall salesman.
The odds of them
getting together
were insurmountainable.
l made a family.
l got these two together
and l made a family.
This man has a gift.
Who else here is single?
l'm not single.
l have a man.
l am offering up my
services to you all.
You saw what l did
with Pam and Jim.
l can help you, too.
Why don't you find
someone for yourself
instead of meddling
in our affairs?
Okay, show of hands.
Who wants to live
in a world
where Stanley has two lovers
and you don't have any?
Who else? Come on.
People, l know models.
(CHUCKLES) Plus-size
models, maybe.
(LAUGHS)
You got that right.
Meredith? Come on.
You're obviously single.
You know it.
l am never
getting married.
Like Clooney.
Andrew? What about you?
Torn scrotum.
Still on the mend, so. . .
(EXCLAlMS)
Not good timing.
Yes, l'm gonna ask out Erin.
l'm just waiting for
the stars to align.
Literally.
l have a small
skylight in my bedroom,
and l'd like for
the moon to be visible.
Well, when you least
expect it, expect it.
l am going to fill
the empty voids in
your life with love.
l am going to fill
that empty hole
in your body
with another person.
And like Cupid,
l am going to
shoot you with love.
(lMlTATES GUN FlRlNG)
(EXCLAlMS)
(SCREAMS)
(lMlTATES EXPLOSlON)
(COOlNG)
Remember yesterday,
when we were terrified
of being parents?
We were just kids.
What did we know?
Hey, how we doing?
Good.
Great.
Would you like me to
take her to the nursery
for the night?
Doesn't she sleep here?
She can.
But a lot of parents
choose to have the baby
spend the first
night in the nursery
to get some rest.
You've been through a lot.
l think
we'll be okay.
Okay, great.
(YAWNlNG)
(PAM EXCLAlMS)
Big yawn.
(CRYlNG)
Ready, one, two, three.
PAM: One, and
then wrap around.
lt's okay.
l don't understand.
Hold that arm down.
l can't. She's too strong.
Careful, though.
You don't want
to break it.
She's not
going to. . . Just. . .
l got it. All right.
PAM: Go. Go.
l'm done.
Nurse?
How you doing?
l don't know.
l just. . . l can't tell
if she's getting anything.
Really?
lt doesn't feel right.
Well, you're pushing
the milk out, right?
How would one do that?
Well, isn't it
kind of like. . .
Like that?
Do you want to
try it, Jim?
Mmm-mmm.
l think you're good.
Doing a good job.
(CECELlA CRYlNG)
Somebody buzzed?
Oh, really?
Must have sat on it, Pam.
l can't tell if
she's getting anything.
lt just doesn't
really feel right.
Well, maybe we should
take a break for
a little while.
l can take her
to the nursery
and then bring her back
and try again
a little bit later.
Even if she's not
getting anything?
Yeah, she'll be fine.
l can always give her
a bottle once we're
in the nursery.
No. l read in the book
about nipple confusion.
Oh, good.
You know everything.
l mean, she's just really
tentative about latching,
and l just want to
keep her self-esteem up.
l'll bring her back
in a little while and
we can try again, okay?
All right.
lt's gonna be all right.
Yeah, maybe it'll
be good 'cause then
she can, like, socialize
with the other babies.
(LAUGHlNG)
No, yeah,
that would be good.
You wanted to see me?
What would you say
if l told you
that l was about to
change your life?
Oh, boy!
(KEVlN MUMBLlNG)
What's that sound?
Ta-da!
l would like you to meet
your new boyfriend.
Yes.
l don't know
what to say.
Say nothing.
You will learn
to love me.
Okay, hold on.
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
You got to let
the cookies cool
before you pop
them in your mouth.
Okay.
Why don't you guys
get to know each other,
maybe have lunch together?
Erin, would you
have lunch with me?
Okay.
MlCHAEL: Good.
Yes!
Michael, can l talk
to you privately?
Sure. Kevin, please leave.
Bye.
MlCHAEL: Bye.
l'm so sorry if l
gave you the impression
that l'm into Kevin,
but l'm not. l like Andy.
(SlGHS) Okay.
This is going to kill Kevin.
l'm sure he'll be fine.
l'm not so sure.
Kevin has an
enormous heart.
Literally, he has
an elephant heart.
He had a transplant
when he was 1 7.
Had some problems. . .
(JABBERlNG)
Really?
No. Kevin doesn't
have an elephant heart,
but he is very sensitive,
and it won't kill Erin to
just go and have lunch with
him in the break room,
like l promised him.
l bet his heart
is enlarged, though.
l don't want
anyone to die.
Just don't let
him sit on you.
(LAUGHlNG)
l'm kidding.
You'll have fun.
lt'll be good.
There he is.
Go to him.
(CHUCKLES)
Hi.
Nice. She touched
my shoulder.
Hey, guys.
We're short on rooms,
so this is Dale and Kathy.
Oh.
Hi.
Sorry.
Hi. So sorry.
Careful.
(SOFTLY) Wow, she just
shoves the nipple
right in there.
l know.
Did you see that?
l'm pretty sure she's. . .
Hey.
(LOUD MUSlC PLAYlNG)
Did you grow up
around here?
No.
So, you must have grown up
around somewhere else?
Yes.
Why was l hiding
behind the plant?
Well, in college
l took a botany class,
and there was lots of
drama in that class.
Uh. . .
Kids would gossip about me,
so l would eavesdrop on them
by hiding behind
different plants
in the botany class.
And then they
would say things like,
"Oh, this guy's gonna
fail this class,"
or, "What's this
guy doing spying on us
from behind plants?"
And then l would
jump out at them
and confront them
and be like,
"You think all l do
is hide behind plants and
spy on people? Busted."
Oh. The reason?
The reason l was
hiding behind that plant
in this situation
was that l thought
that Erin and Kevin
were kind of hitting it off,
and l was jealous.
Uh, hi. Pam Halpert?
Yes.
Hi, l'm Clarke.
Josie said you might benefit
from a lactation consultant.
JlM: Yep.
Um, yeah,
that would be great.
Really great.
When's she available?
Actually, l'm the consultant.
(CHUCKLES) Got milk?
(CHUCKLlNG)
All right, let's see
what we're working with.
(CLEARS THROAT)
So, the biggest thing
besides not being able
to get her to latch. . .
l'll get that for you.
Oh, thank you.
. . .is that l can't tell
if l'm really producing.
l don't know if she's
getting anything.
Let me feel here.
Okay.
CLARKE: Yeah,
it's quite full.
Why don't you put your
hand on top of my hand?
PAM: Okay.
When you're
feeding you want
to press in like this,
make your hand in a C.
Does that hurt?
No, it feels pressure.
Okay.
You sure it
doesn't hurt?
No.
lt just feels like pressure.
CLARKE: Feel how
l'm flicking the nipple?
PAM: Mmm-hmm.
Like that?
lt's stimulated.
Mmm-hmm.
Yep. Yep.
PAM: Mmm-hmm.
CLARKE: So you just
want to do that and
that will. . .
Perfect.
CLARKE: The baby
should grab onto that.
l think she will.
l'm just not sure if
l'm releasing, though.
l'm not sure if. . .
We'll figure it out,
probably.
CLARKE: lt doesn't. . .
Why don't you bring
your baby over here?
Okay.
She's beautiful. Yes.
Oh, thank you.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
Well, you're doing
a good job.
Just stay relaxed
and l'll come back
in a bit to check
on you. Okay?
Okay.
Please do.
Oh, shoot. Shoot,
she fell off.
Oh. Uh. . .
Try the torpedo thing.
Will you just grab
Clarke real quick?
No need. l saw him
do it. l can try it.
Jim, please, please, please.
l think it would be weird
if you did it.
That makes sense.
l'll just go get
the other guy.
DWlGHT ON PHONE:
Hey, what's up, kid?
Have you had a chance to look
over the revisions on the
contract l prepared for you?
Nothing left to do
except dot the l's,
the J's and the umlauts.
Why don't you
meet me here at exactly
mid-late afternoon?
l look forward to it.
Very well.
Goodbye.
(BABY CRYlNG)
Jim. Jim, get her.
Hmm?
Get the baby.
Get her, come on.
JlM: Okay. (SHUSHlNG)
l know, l know.
Okay. Come here.
All right.
l got her.
(SlGHlNG)
Okay. Okay. Okay.
Jim. She latched.
She latched !
That's amazing.
Oh, my God.
l didn't even have
to do the C thing.
That's awesome.
Oh ! We're doing it.
That's great.
We're really parents now.
Kevin, Erin would like
a few words with you.
Hey.
Hi.
l've really enjoyed
our time together.
Yeah. Me, too.
l want to continue
working on our friendship. . .
lt was really, really fun.
. . .'cause l think
our friendship could
be a really cool thing.
Yeah. Me, too.
And you're my friend.
Yeah.
l hope that
l'm your friend.
Yeah.
And. . .
Oh, my God.
This is agonizing.
Look, Kevin, do you really
think that you could have
dated Erin?
You said she liked me.
Okay, even if
someone told you that,
you should know
that that could
never be possible, Kevin.
And l'm surprised that
you didn't question me
in the first place.
l've done better
than Erin.
No, you haven't.
Lynn was way hotter
than Erin, Michael.
Lynn was as hot as Erin.
Yeah, Michael,
but you dated
Holly and Jan
and they were so
much hotter than you.
This isn't about me,
and that is debatable,
and l have a personality,
whereas you. . .
Yes, Andy?
(THUD)
(GROANS)
Kev.
Nice going.
Knock-knock.
Oh, hey, lsabel.
Oh, hey.
Pam, she's gorgeous.
Can l hold her?
Yes.
She was a little
fussy earlier,
but she's totally
quieted down.
Here. Let me just burp her.
l don't want her to
spit up on you.
lSABEL: Look at you.
Come here, sweetie.
(GASPS)
Oh, my God.
JlM: What?
Wrong baby.
What?
This is not our baby!
Oh, my God.
(SHUSHlNG)
(CECELlA COOlNG)
Oh.
(CRYlNG)
Has she been
fussing long?
No. Not at all.
Perfect.
l was out like a light. Hey!
She's not hungry.
(BABY CONTlNUES CRYlNG)
How's it going?
Well,
l feel like she needs
to eat, but she just
won't latch on,
which is weird,
because the other baby. . .
(LAUGHlNG)
Bottles are fine.
A lot of babies
grow up using bottles.
So, you excited to
take your baby home?
We definitely are.
At 3:00, right?
You said we could
stay until 3:00?
Yeah. You can.
lt's 2:35.
Half hour.
Well, 25 minutes.
(CHUCKLlNG)
And you're all set
with the car seat?
Yes. Car seat's
right there.
That bottom part
needs to go in the car.
Newsflash, the whole thing
(CHUCKLES)
Be back in 25 minutes.
Or it can be a half hour,
if you need it to be.
Can we get
a late checkout?
l don't think
she heard me.
Hello?
Dwight? What. . .
What are you doing here?
lsabel, hello.
Yeah, the kitchen
was disgusting, so. . .
Wow.
New cabinets.
Yeah.
All l did was bring
macaroni and cheese.
(BOTH CHUCKLlNG)
Where's the fridge?
Oh, it's in the backyard.
l'll take this.
(lNHALES DEEPLY)
Well, l'll let you
get back to it.
Hey, listen,
l know that
l'm an adult,
but maybe l could
come by sometime
for a teeth cleaning?
You know, just for fun.
Well, adults are supposed
to go to the dentist, too.
Are they, now? (CHUCKLES)
How some people spend
their money, right?
Yeah.
All right.
l'll call you, kid.
Do that.
You really sure
we should be leaving?
Yeah.
(CRYlNG)
But you hear
the baby crying, right?
Mmm-hmm.
Where's your car?
lt's in the lot.
A lot of fathers
bring the car around.
Right. Okay. Yes.
That would be
a smart thing to do.
Uh, Pam,
l will be right back.
Okay, please hurry.
Erin, l need you to send
this fax immediately.
lt's really important,
so l'm gonna stand here
and wait for
the confirmation.
Okay. Good.
The fax says,
"Erin, will you have dinner
with me? From, Andy."
And the number is
our office fax number.
(FAX MACHlNE BEEPlNG)
lt's busy.
Why don't l keep trying
and then l'll give you
the confirmation in a bit?
(MUMBLES)
Sorry.
That's unacceptable.
l need you to
send it immediately
or you're fired.
You can't
talk to me like that.
l didn't do anything wrong.
(SOBBlNG) l've been
having a tough day.
Oh, God, no.
Um. . .
Just read the fax.
You read the fax.
l'm asking you out.
(CHUCKLES) Oh, my God.
That's amazing !
Let me just fax this
and l'll check my planner.
So, it's a date?
Yes!
Do you have
a day in mind?
ANDY: Yeah, what day?
What day?
ERlN: Every day is fine.
ANDY: What's that one?
ERlN: Thursday?
Okay. Let's do it.
ERlN: (CHUCKLES)
We. . . Okay!
Would you like me
to help you up
out of the chair?
Oh, yeah. Sorry.
We've just got a lot
of discharges today.
Okay. Okay.
Thanks.
All right, thanks.
All right.
(CECELlA CRYlNG)
Hey. You want to eat?
You want to try eating?
Okay.
Okay. Come here.
Just you and me.
Just you and me. Come on.
(CRYlNG STOPS)
There we go.
Yeah. Oh, yeah !
Like that. Oh.
There we go.
You got it.
Five tickets on
the windshield.
Hey.
Hi.
We did it.
You used my move,
didn't you?
l used a variation
of your move.
(LAUGHS)
MlCHAEL: There is no
greater feeling
than when two people
who are perfect
for each other
overcome all obstacles
and find true love.
And that's what l thought
that Erin and Kevin
were going to find today.
l think l'm going
to be sick.
Two forms of lD, please.
(CLEARS THROAT)
And now you.
Two forms of lD, please.
All right, all is in order.
l just need your signature.
What is it?
Nothing.
All right. How would
you like to celebrate?
Just pour yourself
a cup of apple juice.
l feel sick.
What?
l couldn't find your iPod.
Give me a couple days.
Be out of your hair.